# ai generated front end

## Info about Layout

- header 92px
- Footer 80px
- =========
- 172px

## Sample input for summarize

Commissioned officers in the Union Army could be divided in several categories:
general officers including Lieutenant General (added on March 2, 1864), Major
Generals and Brigadier Generals; field officers including Colonels, Lieutenant
Colonels and Majors; and company officers including Captains, First Lieutenants
and Second Lieutenants. There was a further distinction between "line" officers
– members of the artillery, cavalry or infantry branches – and staff officers,
which were part of the various departments and bureaus of the War Department.
All line officers outranked staff officers except in cases pertaining to their
staff assignment, in which they received their orders from their respective
department chiefs. Additionally, Regular general officers outranked Volunteer
general officers of the same grade regardless of their date of commission, a
feature which could become a subject of contention. The use of brevet ranks was
also a common feature of the Union Army.

Amidst the long-standing tensions between the Meitei and the Kuki people, a Kuki
organization called the All Tribal Student Union Manipur (ATSUM), opposed to the
decision of the Manipur High Court, called for a march named the "Tribal
Solidarity March" on 3 May, which turned violent in the district of
Churachandpur. Reportedly, more than 60,000 protestors participated in this
march.

During the violence on 3 May, residence and churches of the mostly Kuki Tribal
population were attacked in the non-tribal areas.According to the police, many
houses of the tribal population in Imphal were attacked and 500 occupants were
displaced and had to take shelter in Lamphelpat. Around 1000 Meiteis affected by
the violence also had to flee from the region and take shelter in Bishnupur.
Twenty houses were burnt in the city of Kangpokpi.Violence was observed in
Churachandpura, Kakching, Canchipur, Soibam Leikai, Tenugopal, Langol, Kangpokpi
and Moreh while mostly being concentrated in the Imphal Valley during which
several houses, places of worship and other properties were burnt and destroyed.

On 4 May, fresh cases of violence were reported. The police force had to fire
several rounds of tear gas shells to control the rioters.Kuki MLA Vunzjagin
Valte (BJP), who is the representative of the tribal headquarters of
Churachandpur, was attacked during the riots while he was returning from the
state secretariat. His condition was reported to be critical on 5 May, while a
person accompanying him died.
